---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "itsi_kpi_base_search Data Source - itsi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get the ID of an available KPI Base Search.
---

# itsi_kpi_base_search (Data Source)

Use this data source to get the ID of an available KPI Base Search.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `title` (String) The title of the KPI Base Search.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `metrics` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metrics))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedblock--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metrics`

Read-Only:

- `aggregate_statop` (String) Statistical operation used to combine data for the aggregate alert_value.
- `entity_statop` (String) Statistical operation used to combine data for alert_values on a per entity basis.
- `fill_gaps` (String) How to fill missing data.
- `gap_custom_alert_value` (Number) Custom value to fill data gaps.
- `gap_severity` (String) Severity level assigned for data gaps.
- `gap_severity_color` (String) Severity color assigned for data gaps.
- `gap_severity_color_light` (String) Severity light color assigned for data gaps.
- `gap_severity_value` (String) Severity value assigned for data gaps.
- `id` (String) Generated metric _key
- `threshold_field` (String) The field on which the statistical operation runs.
- `title` (String) Name of this metric.
- `unit` (String) User-defined units for the values in threshold field.
