---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "itsi_splunk_search Data Source - itsi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve the results of a Splunk search.
---

# itsi_splunk_search (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve the results of a Splunk search.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "itsi_splunk_search" "test_search" {

  search {
    query = <<-EOT
       | makeresults count=5 | eval test = "A"
    EOT

    earliest_time = "-10m"
  }

  search {
    query = <<-EOT
      | makeresults count=5 | eval test = "B"
    EOT

    earliest_time = "-10m"
  }

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `search` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--search))

### Optional

- `is_mv` (Boolean) Multivalue mode. Indicates whether the search can return multivalue results. Defaults to `false`.
- `join_fields` (Set of String) A set of strings, represents field names results will be FULL joined by.
- `mv_separator` (String) The separator string to be placed in between multivalue field elements. Defaults to `
`.
- `search_concurrency` (Number) Amount of searches that could be run in parallel per data source. Defaults to `2`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `results` (List of Map of String) Represents search results. Format is a list of maps, where field names of the raw result are keys.

<a id="nestedblock--search"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search`

Required:

- `query` (String) The search language string to execute, taking results from the local and remote servers. See https://dev.splunk.com/enterprise/docs/devtools/customsearchcommands/

Optional:

- `allow_partial_results` (Boolean) Indicates whether the search job can proceed to provide partial results if a search peer fails. When set to false, the search job fails if a search peer providing results for the search job fails. Defaults to `false`.
- `earliest_time` (String) Specify a time string. Sets the earliest (inclusive), respectively, time bounds for the search. Defaults to `-4h`.
- `latest_time` (String) Specify a time string. Sets the latest (exclusive), respectively, time bounds for the search. Defaults to `now`.
- `splunk_app` (String) The Splunk app in which the search query should be performed. Defaults to `search`.
- `splunk_user` (String) The Splunk user in the context of which the search query should be performed Defaults to `nobody`.
- `timeout` (Number) HTTP timeout in seconds. 0 means no timeout. Defaults to `60`.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String)


