---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "itsi_entity Resource - itsi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an Entity object within ITSI.
---

# itsi_entity (Resource)

Manages an Entity object within ITSI.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "itsi_entity" "host_entity" {

  title       = "example.com"
  description = "example.com host"

  aliases = {
    "entityTitle" = "example.com"
    "host"        = "example.com"
  }

  info = {
    "env" : "test"
    "entityType" : "host"
  }

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `title` (String) Name of the entity. Can be any unique value.

### Optional

- `aliases` (Map of String) Map of Field/Value pairs that identify the entity.
- `description` (String) User defined description of the entity.
- `entity_type_ids` (Set of String) A set of _key values for each entity type associated with the entity.
- `info` (Map of String) Map of Field/Value pairs that provide information/description for the entity.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the entity.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import itsi_entity.example {{id}}
```
