---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "itsi_splunk_collection Resource - itsi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a KV store collection resource in Splunk.
---

# itsi_splunk_collection (Resource)

Manages a KV store collection resource in Splunk.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "itsi_splunk_collection" "test_collection" {
  name = "test_collection"
  field_types = {
    type  = "string"
    order = "string"
  }
  accelerations = [jsonencode({ order : 1 })]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the collection

### Optional

- `accelerations` (List of String) Field acceleration information (see Splunk docs for accelerated_fields in collections.conf)
- `acl` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--acl))
- `app` (String) App the collection belongs to Defaults to `itsi`.
- `field_types` (Map of String) Field type information
- `owner` (String) Owner of the collection Defaults to `nobody`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl`

Optional:

- `can_change_perms` (Boolean) Indicates if the active user can change permissions for this object. Defaults to true.
- `can_share_app` (Boolean) Indicates if the active user can change sharing to app level. Defaults to true.
- `can_share_global` (Boolean) Indicates if the active user can change sharing to system level. Defaults to true.
- `can_share_user` (Boolean) Indicates if the active user can change sharing to user level. Defaults to true.
- `can_write` (Boolean) Indicates if the active user can edit this object. Defaults to true.
- `read` (List of String) Properties that indicate resource read permissions.
- `removable` (Boolean) Indicates whether an admin or user with sufficient permissions can delete the entity.
- `sharing` (String) Indicates how the resource is shared. Required for updating any knowledge object ACL properties.app: Shared within a specific appglobal: (Default) Shared globally to all apps.user: Private to a user
- `write` (List of String) Properties that indicate write permissions of the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import itsi_service.example {{id}}
#OR
terraform import itsi_service.example {{title}}
```
